so back and
he
No
on
out
This is supposed to be quite good here with the iPad though maybe
not quite as nice as checked on the Haardter
now where you can try something because we can under Lotti announces the
Magic and Ola do Divinity reversal that's what we do now
four times
Prof Take you is also called immediately and now you have to
Either this leads to the setting for
Lisbon young the stomach feather leads
and can now here
the parameters of the IC use control
but that's a lot
now must be here with mine
to go through the keys with the corresponding parameters
they can now choose something to the area
Picture problems the new city hall you can already see that you open
Wiesner
on
m
and this really does not just work with the local clubs
All Voss should have the plaques
In this way taxes and even software instruments can be made
we now
then we would serve the door again first, that's all
beautiful from the iPad
go here on the
without a trace that you can not get them back together
how exactly
Automation off
four times now
are the track
either leads
and now I can too
over the iPad
the chicken desserts 1 full throttle
The two times her appearance has been synonymous and it works the same way
just with the regions you can here
go through the different parameters
and then directly return taxes because of the filter
to clarify with personnel questions
however, directed
Goma in
and so on
and that works
also with others not only with the core and software instruments
from the beginning of the really fine thing
So who say that you are under Ludwig
Zero had a similar range of functions as a real one
Matic and show disadvantage is
still is
This whole for the operation me optimally because there are so easy
Delay I have Pröll the iPad is not always clear with the
and percent Mac connected but an answer because it made connections
there is in my opinion such a real mistake in any case always
even more precise and better to tax, however
Of course, Solmecke checks school already a bit
Place if we do not have maybe the iPad alternative and what director
Prof thanks to the Balkans is that they just take with us as wireless
Remote control we do now too
Soloist is the woman for our also come work and then wondering bar
May in Ludwigsburg what come from taxes and always pulled along
that's what they say is serious this is really a good application
for the iPad
and the way they software 7 the whole thing so wireless me courage control
to be able to use so in company Linus in the studio and in the singing career and
then you can actually quite like them all the functions for recording
remote control via wireless network
Sometimes the Artists Erben software does not replace the GEMAC light
Main because the control is not precise enough
But that's a really great wireless controller
as a remote control for the studio
with really the most important features for smart Lubchenco
the sound of it was fun watching overfly soon
again on these stations
Make Money Away with Near the Top Kilz
my father is
the software for the iPad the Azego
that is not always say
but it is small and light and with really great wireless remote control
for Ludwig and cake
how will you say Coach was now what was now what came NRWs
and I hope to see you soon again on this station stiff
that was single again
he is a bishop